
## Week 6 Meeting Notes
* Presence: Everyone present

###Last Week performance
* Last week recap:
  * Problem: CSS Stylesheets not rendering only rendering on Mac/Linux
    * Action: Continue to look for solutions online, last-resort will be to remove CSS styling.
  * We started switching roles in the last week, Rafael and Alex 'officially' switched roles.
  * Max, Som and Ansh will switch roles this week.
### Reflection
  * Team feels as though we are slightly behind where we planned to be, possible due to exam revision.
  * To improve, we will ensure that our issues on GitLab are more detailed.
  * Make semi-formal meeting plans before our personal (non-TA) meetings. With this, we could be more accountable.
  * Leave Sundays as review days.
  * Be more strict in terms of time management during meetings.
  * More complicated issues which rely on dependent classes should be done by one person.

### Feedback

* Backlog needs to be more organised. Due dates, assignees and statuses of issues should be kept up-to-date.
  * Make clear which issues are for the current sprint on GitLab.
  * Resolve overdue issues.
* There is an imbalance in terms of coding, some team-members need to take more responsibility.
* Everyone needs to comment on merge requests for better code quality.
* Start testing - current test coverage is around 35%.